Now when I went to output a modal upon clicking that of course you already have a map modal so that
is stored in a shared module.
So in the place detailed module let's simply import the shared module now and this unlocks that map
modal component knowing the place detailed page H H2 mail file when we click that image and therefore
again I will add a roll of button here if we click that image I want to open that modal so I call a
method here on show full map whatever you want to call it.
Let's add this method to the place detail page typescript file here like this and then there we now
want to open a modal.
Good thing is we already injected the modal controller so we can just use it and create a new modal
here and add the component we want to use is the
map modal component which you then also need to import into this file here.
Like that
and then we get our modal element here which we can use to present the modal if we do that.
This should reload and if I now tap this indeed that opens.
But the problem is it's not centered on the location we picked and we can even click somewhere and this
doesn't do any harm but it's not the behavior I want.
Instead this modal should open and center on the pick location.
Put a marker there and clicking shouldn't do anything.
So we'll have to add some logic to the map modal to make this happen.
In the map modal component here I want to add some properties which are buyable from outside.
For example the center right now we always start at this center which is a nice default maybe but which
should not be our center we pick in all cases.
So let me set this as a default here but all this will make center findable by adding at input in front
of it which has to be imported from at Angola court.
Now at input make sure we can set that center from outside.
I also will add another findable property which is named selectable and this is true by default.
This means can we actually select a new place or not and we can use this later to determine whether
we want to have that click listener or not.
I'll also add another findable property which is my close button text because that should just be close.
If we're viewing the map and only you can pick something cancel makes sense.
So cancel is my default but I want to be able to overwrite this and I'll add another findable property
with just a title showing a toolbar.
The default is pick up place or pick location but of course this doesn't make sense if we open the model
to show the picked location.
So we should be able to overwrite this as well.
So having all these defaults is great so that we don't have to parse all the data whenever we open that
model.
But if we want to change something we can do that.
Now let's adjust our logic a little bit.
For example only if it is selectable we need to add that click listener.
So here where I set up this listener I only want to do this if this selectable is true.
Otherwise there is no reason to make this clickable.
That of course means that in energy on destroy I should check if this click listener is set cause it
will not be set.
If we're just viewing this in preview mode so to say and therefore we can only remove it if click listener
is set and we should check for that on cancel well that still is a thing we should still have that around
and now we can use the new center we added here instead of that default center we used all the time.
So this should be this center and we want to have some logic to add a marker so add another check here.
We're actually here as Al's case.
If this is selectable we add a click listener and no marker.
If it is not selectable we add no click listener but a marker.
So here I'll create a new marker by calling new Google Maps dot marker and now we configure that marker
here with a javascript object we passed to the constructor.
It needs a position and this should be the center because we want to put that marker on the pick location.
It needs a map object and that will be the map we're building there we're creating here so I'll pass
this map here as a second property so the property name is map and the value is also map and then we
can use the shortcut here of just writing map.
But maybe this is clearer.
So let's go with that syntax.
And last but not least a Title 14 marker could be picked location whatever you want.
Now the marketers create it.
You did not just have to call markers set map and pass the map object to which it should be added which
is our map here.
So that should add a marker.
If we opened as a non selectable mode the last remaining thing is that we need to make sure to set all
that data when we do open the map in non selectable mode.
So basically when we want to open it from the place detail page.
So let's head over to the place detail page here.
And when we create the model here we can set the component props.
And that is an object where we can now bind all these properties we just set up here.
So center selectable close button text and title center here should be our
place and there to location.
And there we have latitude and longitude.
So we want to pass on an object here that just is our default here has a lat and long key but combined
in one object let's pass an object with a lap key where we set this location let along key where we
set this place location LNG.
That is our center therefore now besides the center we of course all the one to set selectable to fault
here because this now is not selectable.
We'll set the close button text here to just close let's say instead of cancel at the title to
this place location and maybe the address we picked might be too long but still let's give this a try.
So now with that let's go back to the map model one more time.
We added everything all the logic here inside of the model.
Let's now go.
Or instead of the typescript file I should say.
Let's now go to the template and there.
Let's take advantage of the binders full title we have and of the binder all close button text here
because that is what I want to display there ultimately.
Now let's save doesn't let's wait for this to reload and let's see if it works out the way we want but
now it has this.
Indeed I see the address here it's cut off but that's OK and it is centered on the selection we had
it adds this marker and clicking doesn't do anything we can close it and let's now add a new offer y
place in Munich not actually where I live
we choose some dates here and no you can't actually stay there I'm sorry and no it isn't really where
I live so let's now pick that place in Munich here it's head all the way over to Germany and Munich
and now there I can go in the direction where I used to live roughly at least which was around there
let's add that place and if I now discovered that here it is and that looks good.
So everything works the way it should.
And with that we added Google Maps to this ionic application and this will work on mobile devices and
also as you can see here in the web.